OFF-STREET PARKING REQUIREMENTS:
  RESIDENTIAL:
    Apartment building and apartment hotel *:
      Apartment buildings in RM-1 or RM-2 zoning districts on lots that are 65 feet in width or less (MAP EXHIBIT 2): There shall be no parking requirement, provided secure storage for alternative transportation such as scooters, bicycles, and motorcycles, is provided.
      Apartment buildings in RM-1 or RM-2 zoning districts on lots wider than 65 feet (MAP EXHIBIT 2): One space per unit for units between 550 and 1,600 square feet; two spaces per unit for units above 1,600 square feet.
      Apartment units in all other zoning districts (MAP EXHIBIT 3): One and one-half spaces per unit for units between 550 and 999 square feet; One and three-quarters spaces per unit for units between 1,000 and 1,200 square feet; Two spaces per unit for units above 1,200 square feet.
      Designated guest parking: Developments of 20 units or less shall have no designated guest parking requirements. Multi-family buildings and suites-hotels with more than 20 units shall be required to provide supplemental designated guest parking equal to ten percent of the required residential parking spaces.
    Dormitory *: One space per every two beds, or one space per every 150 square feet of floor area, whichever is greater.
    'Housing for low and/or moderate income non-elderly and elderly persons (as defined in chapter 58, Article V of General Ordinances): *': Elderly housing unit(s) have no parking space requirement. The parking requirements shall be the same as specified for “Apartment building and apartment-hotel” above, or one-half of a parking space per dwelling unit, whichever is less, for non-elderly low and/or moderate income housing. Notwithstanding the above, if an existing building is renovated and the number of units is increased, or if units are added on a lot with an existing building that is retained and renovated, there shall be no parking requirement for the newly constructed units, and existing buildings shall be exempt from the requirements of subsection 2.12.8 , entitled "repair or rehabilitation of nonconforming buildings." If a property ceases to meet the requirements of housing for low and/or moderate income non-elderly and elderly persons as per chapter 58, article V of General Ordinances
      the city shall not issue a certificate of use and occupancy for a new use until the property owner satisfies the then applicable parking requirements under this Code. The property owner may satisfy the parking requirements by actually providing the additional parking spaces or by reducing the number of residential units. However, a property owner shall not be able to satisfy the parking requirements by the payment of a fee in lieu of providing parking. At the time of development review, the property owner shall submit a statement of intent to construct housing for low and/or moderate income non-elderly and elderly persons in accordance with this section. After approval of the decrease in parking spaces, the premises shall not be used other than as housing for the non-elderly and elderly persons unless and until any parking requirements and all other requirements or limitations of this Code for the district involved and applying to the new use shall have been met.
    Major cultural dormitory facility *: One space per unit.
    Roominghouse, boardinghouse or lodginghouse *: One space per every hotel unit, plus two additional spaces for the building.
    Single-family detached dwelling *: Two spaces.
    Townhouse *: Two spaces for each unit plus one designated guest space per every five units.
    'Workforce housing (as defined in chapter 58, Article VI of General Ordinances): *': Workforce housing shall have the same parking requirements as specified for “Apartment building and apartment-hotel” above, or alternatively, one-half parking space per unit, whichever is less. Notwithstanding the above, if an existing building is renovated and the number of units is increased, or if units are added on a lot with an existing building that is retained and renovated, there shall be no parking requirement for the newly constructed units, and existing buildings shall be exempt from the requirements of subsection 2.12.8 , entitled "repair or rehabilitation of nonconforming buildings." Additionally, there is no parking requirement for workforce housing units if said units are provided in a main use parking garage.
LODGING:
  Hotel, convention *:
    (General):
    - 'For structures of less than 250 units, one space per unit; for structures with 250—499 units, 0.75 space per unit; for structures with 500 units or more, 0.50 space per unit. Required parking for convention hotel accessory uses shall be as follows:'
    - Required parking for all other uses shall be as set forth in this section. The zoning board of adjustment may grant a variance for the total amount of parking required for a hotel and related accessory uses by up to ten percent.
    Retail: Required parking shall be computed at one space per 500 square feet, minus 7.5 square feet per unit.
    Auditorium, ballroom, convention hall, gymnasium, meeting rooms or other similar places of assembly: Required parking shall be one space per every seven seats or one space per every 105 square feet of floor area where there is no seating, minus one seat or 15 square feet per unit.
    Restaurant or other establishment for consumption of food or beverages on the premises: Required parking shall be one space per every seven seats or one space per every 105 square feet of floor area where there is no seating, minus one seat or 15 square feet per two units.
  Hotel, suites hotel *:
    (General):
    - 'One space per unit, except as noted in section 5.2.4.1 .b.2. Required parking for hotel accessory uses shall be as follows:'
    - These parking requirements for hotel accessory uses are only applicable to structures that are being newly constructed or substantially rehabilitated as hotels. The zoning board of adjustment may grant a variance for the total amount of parking required for a hotel and related accessory uses by up to 20 percent.
    Retail: One space per 400 square feet, minus seven and one-half square feet per unit.
    Auditorium, ballroom, convention hall, gymnasium, meeting rooms or other similar places of assembly: One space per every four seats or one space per 60 square feet of floor area where there is no seating, minus one seat or 15 square feet per unit.
    Restaurant or other establishment for consumption of food or beverages on the premises: One space per four seats minus one seat for every two units.
OFFICE:
  Office or office building *: One space per 400 square feet of floor area; however, offices located on the ground floor shall provide one space per 300 square feet.
COMMERCIAL:
  'Adult booth, as defined in section 1.2 :': One space per one adult booth.
  Alcoholic beverage establishment, bar, entertainment establishment: One space per four seats and one space per 60 square feet of area not utilized for seating.
  Alcoholic beverage establishment which permits partial nudity: One on-site space per every three seats.
  Dance hall, skating rink, auditorium or exhibition hall without fixed seats *: One space per every 60 feet of floor area available for seats where there is no seating.
  Animal hospital, veterinary clinic: One space per every 400 square feet of floor area.
  Auditorium, ballroom, convention hall, gymnasium, meeting rooms or other similar places of assembly *: One space per every four seats or one space per every 60 square feet of floor area available for seats. For ballrooms and meeting rooms in buildings associated with a hotel located in the RM-3 district (subject to the requirement that such hotel property be located within 100 feet of the ballroom and meeting room property), one space per every eight seats or one space per every 120 square feet of floor area available for seats.
  Bowling alley or pool room: One space per every alley, billiard or pool table
  Cabana: One space per every two cabanas.
  Cafe, beachfront: Shall have no parking requirement.
  Cafe, outdoor *: One space per every four seats.
  Cafes, sidewalk: Shall have no parking requirement.
  Fitness club: One space per 750 square feet of floor area
  Furniture store, hardware, machinery, equipment and automobile and boat sales and service: One space per every 400 feet of floor area.
  Grocery stores, supermarket, fresh fruit, fish, meat, poultry: One space per every 250 square feet of floor area.
  Laundry: One space per 500 square feet of floor area.
  Restaurants or other establishment for consumption of food or beverages on the premises *: 'One space per every four seats; take out restaurant with no seats: One space per every 300 square feet of floor area; take out restaurant and home delivery with no seats: One space per every 200 square feet of floor area. Parking requirements for restaurants offering a combination of services shall be cumulative. Restaurants that have an occupational license for an alcoholic beverage establishment, dance hall or entertainment establishment shall meet the parking requirement indicated for those uses.'
  Retail store, dry cleaning receiving station, stock brokerage, personal service establishment or financial institution *: One space per every 300 square feet of floor area.
  Shopping center: One space per every 300 square feet; however, the parking requirements for eating and drinking uses shall be as established within this section.
  Theatre: One space per every four seats.
CIVIC:
  Bus station: One space per 60 square feet of floor area.
  Religious institution *: One space per every six seats or bench seating spaces in main auditorium.
  Private clubs, country clubs, fraternities, sororities and lodges: One space per every 250 square feet of floor area.
CIVIL SUPPORT:
  Assisted living facility, adult family care home, birth center, community residential home, day/night treatment community housing, homes for special services, hospice facility, intermediate care facility for the developmentally disabled, residential treatment facility, residential treatment center, transitional living facility, nursing homes: One space per two beds.
  Adult day care center: One space per 300 square feet of floor area.
  Medical office, optician, retail clinic, electrology facility, ambulatory surgical center, laboratory, comprehensive outpatient rehabilitation facility, end-stage renal disease center, health care clinic, intensive outpatient treatment facility, prescribed pediatric extended care center, urgent care center, women's health clinic, pathologist, rehabilitation agency *: One space per 300 square feet of floor area.
  Medical cannabis treatment center, pharmacy store: One space per 300 square feet of floor area.
EDUCATIONAL:
  College: None.
  High school: None.
  Junior high, elementary. nursery school, pre-school or daycare: None.
INDUSTRIAL:
  General service or repair establishment, printing, publishing, plumbing, heating, broadcasting: One space per every 1,000 square feet of floor area.
  Manufacturing or industrial establishment, research or testing laboratory, creamery, bottling plant, wholesale, warehouse or similar establishment: One space per 1,000 square feet of floor area.
  Telephone exchanges or equipment buildings: One space per every 1,500 square feet of floor area.
OTHER:
  Funeral home: One space per every six seats or bench seating spaces in chambers and chapels.
  Marina: One space per every two wet slips; one space per every ten slips in dry dock storage facility.
1. Supplemental off-street parking requirements specific to districts:
  North Beach National Register Conservation Overlay District (MAP EXHIBIT 4):
    Apartment building and apartment hotel: 'Zero spaces per unit for: Buildings on lots that are 65 feet in width or less; development sites with six units or less, regardless of lot width; New buildings on development sites with existing buildings that do not contain off-street parking, where total number of new units does not exceed the number of existing units. One space per unit for buildings on lots greater than 65 feet in width. In the event that the property owner can substantiate that the proposed new construction will not need to provide off-street parking, the design review board or historic preservation board, as applicable, may waive the parking requirement. For existing apartment, apartment-hotel and hotel buildings, which are classified as "contributing" and of which at least 75 percent of the front and street side elevations, and 25 percent of interior side elevations, are substantially retained, preserved and restored, there shall be no parking requirement for the existing
      structure, and any new additions, whether attached or detached, regardless of lot width and number of units. Any proposed addition to the existing structure shall be subject to the review and approval of the design review board or historic preservation board, whichever has jurisdiction, and shall include a renovation plan for the existing structure that is fully consistent with the Secretary of the Interior Guidelines and Standards for the Rehabilitation of Historic Buildings.'
  'CCC civic and convention center district: The number of off-street parking spaces required for any structure shall be determined by the primary use of the structure in accordance with the requirements as follows':
    Auditorium, convention hall or meeting rooms: One space per every 1,000 square feet of floor area available for seats.
    Hotel, convention: 0.4 spaces per unit.
    (General):
    - When not listed above, the parking requirement for primary uses listed in this tier shall apply. Accessory uses not listed above shall have no parking requirement.
    - The city commission may waive the total amount of required parking for uses in the CCC district by up to 20 percent. Valet and tandem parking shall not be required to comply with the stacking limits in subsection 5.2.13 .b.
  'HD hospital districts: The number of off-street parking spaces required for any structure shall be determined by the primary use of the structure in accordance with the requirements as follows:':
    Hospital: One and one-half spaces per hospital bed.
    Educational facility: One space per five seats in the main auditorium or one space per three seats per classroom, whichever is greater.
    Offices and clinics as identified in subsections 7.2.19.2 .a.1.G and H: One space per 400 square feet of floor area.
    Research facility: One space per 1,000 square feet of floor area.
    (General): When not listed above, the parking requirement for uses listed in this tier shall apply.
  Oceanfront lots zoned RM-3 in the architectural district, between 15th Street and 23rd Street, containing a contributing structure, where the main or primary use is a hotel, the following shall apply to new construction(MAP EXHIBIT 5):
    Hotel units: There shall be no parking requirement for new construction containing hotel units where the total number of hotel units is not increased from the existing business tax receipt (BTR).
    Retail, meeting rooms or other places of assembly: There shall be no parking requirements for individual accessory use establishments, that are accessory to hotel uses of 3,000 square feet or less. For individual accessory use establishments over 3,000 square feet, there shall be one space for every 300 square feet of floor area. A covenant running with the land, approved by the city attorney, shall be recorded to ensure that individual accessory use establishments will not be reconfigured internally in a way that would increase the minimum parking impact requirements without conditional use approval and payment of a one-time parking impact fee for each required parking space. Notwithstanding the above, when the total aggregate square footage of the above-mentioned accessory uses in this subsection exceeds ten percent of the gross floor area on the property, then parking shall be required for all of the uses.
    Restaurant, dining area, lounge, outdoor café or bar: There shall be no parking requirement for individual accessory establishments, that are accessory to hotel use, of 3,000 square feet per hotel. For individual accessory establishments over 3,000 square feet there shall be one space per four seats or one space per 60 square feet of space not used for seating. A covenant running with the land, approved by the city attorney, shall be recorded to ensure that individual accessory establishments will not be reconfigured internally in a way that would increase the minimum parking requirement without conditional use approval and payment of a one-time parking impact fee for each required parking space. Notwithstanding the above, when the total aggregate square footage of the above-mentioned accessory uses in this subsection exceeds 20 percent of the gross floor area on the property, then parking shall be required for all of the uses.
    Gymnasiums, spas or saunas: There shall be no parking requirement for accessory gymnasiums, spas or saunas, for registered hotel guests only. The use of gymnasiums, spas or saunas by the general public shall comply with all applicable parking requirements.
  MXE district and located in the Ocean Drive/Collins Avenue historic district (MAP EXHIBIT 6):
    New residential construction, including allowable accessory uses within the new construction: 'One space per residential unit. All accessory uses shall comply with the minimum requirements applicable to parking tier. 1 Voluntary residential parking incentive program. There shall be no parking requirement associated with new residential construction, including allowable accessory uses, for the following developments, provided that the owner of the property elects, at the owner''s sole discretion, to voluntarily execute a restricted covenant running with the land, in a form approved by the city attorney, affirming that, for a term of 30 years, (i) the use of the development shall be limited to residential purposes only (including permitted accessory uses), and (ii) none of the residential units on the property shall be leased or rented for a period of less than six months and one day: Lots with a width of 100 feet or less. Development sites of six residential units or fewer. New buildings
      on development sites with existing buildings for which off-street parking is not currently provided, where the total number of new residential units does not exceed the number of existing residential units. Properties located within 1,500 feet of a public transit stop, or within 1,500 feet of any public or private parking garage. The minimum bicycle parking requirements in section 5.2.5 must be met.'
    Apartment unit: One and one-quarter parking spaces. Twenty percent of required apartment unit parking spaces may be satisfied through the provision of valet parking spaces.
    Hotel unit: One space. Required parking may be satisfied through the provision of valet parking spaces.
    Hotel accessory uses and club uses: Required parking may be satisfied through the provision of valet parking spaces.
    Commercial: Two and one-half parking spaces per 1,000 square feet of commercial space. Four parking spaces per 1,000 square feet of commercial space for all of the C-PS3 or C-PS4 properties of which any portion is located south of Second Street and west of Washington Avenue or west of the southern theoretical extension of Washington Avenue.
  RM-PS1 district:
    Apartment unit: 1.65 parking spaces per apartment unit. Up to 12 percent of the total parking spaces created on the premises may be for valet parking spaces.
    Non-residential use: One parking space per 1,000 square feet. Up to 12 percent of the total parking spaces created on the premises may be for valet parking spaces.
  RM-1:
    Religious institution: The planning board, through the conditional use process, may waive some or all required parking for new construction for religious institutions in the RM-1 district, provided the property is less than 8,000 square feet. Said conditional use application shall include a traffic operations plan.
2. Supplemental off-street parking requirements for hotel and suites hotel:
  Properties located within a local historic district or National Register Historic District (MAP EXHIBIT 7): 'New floor area for hotel rooms, associated with retaining, preserving and restoring a building or structure that is classified as "contributing" as of March 13, 2013, as defined below: .5 spaces per unit, up to a maximum of 100 units and 1 space per unit for all units in excess of 100 units'
  Properties abutting Lincoln Lane South, between Drexel Avenue and Lenox Avenue (MAP EXHIBIT 8): No off-street parking requirement
  Properties bounded by 62nd Street on the south, 73rd Street on the north, Indian Creek on the west and the Atlantic Ocean on the east (MAP EXHIBIT 9): .5 spaces per unit, up to a maximum of 100 units and 1 space per unit for all units in excess of 100 units
  Properties located north of Normandy Drive having a lot area greater than 30,000 square feet, which are individually designated as an historic site (MAP EXHIBIT 10): .5 spaces per unit
  Hotels, limited by covenant to no restaurants or pools open to the public, no outdoor bar counters, entertainment or special events, and located in a commercial zoning district within 1,000 feet of the boundary of an area that is (1) zoned CD-3 and (2) part of an historic district: .5 spaces per unit, up to a maximum of 100 units and 1 space per unit for all units in excess of 100 units, up to a maximum cap of 150 rooms total
